#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.9
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile --output-file=requirements-test.txt requirements-test.in
#
anyio==3.6.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements-dev.txt
    #   jupyter-server
appnope==0.1.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements-dev.txt
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
argon2-cffi==21.3.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements-dev.txt
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
argon2-cffi-bindings==21.2.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements-dev.txt
    #   argon2-cffi
arrow==1.2.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements-dev.txt
    #   isoduration
asttokens==2.2.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements-dev.txt
    #   stack-data
attrs==22.2.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements-dev.txt
    #   jsonschema
    #   pytest
    #   pytest-mypy
backcall==0.2.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements-dev.txt
    #   ipython
beautifulsoup4==4.11.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements-dev.txt
    #   nbconvert
black[jupyter]==22.12.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements-dev.txt
    #   pytest-black
bleach==5.0.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements-dev.txt
    #   nbconvert
cachetools==5.2.1
    # via tox
cffi==1.15.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements-dev.txt
    #   argon2-cffi-bindings
chardet==5.1.0
    # via tox
click==8.1.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements-dev.txt
    #   black
colorama==0.4.6
    # via
    #   -c requirements-dev.txt
    #   pytest-watch
    #   tox
comm==0.1.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements-dev.txt
    #   ipykernel
coverage[toml]==7.0.5
    # via
    #   -c requirements-dev.txt
    #   pytest-cov
debugpy==1.6.5
    # via
    #   -c requirements-dev.txt
    #   ipykernel
decorator==5.1.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements-dev.txt
    #   ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements-dev.txt
    #   nbconvert
distlib==0.3.6
    # via
    #   -c requirements-dev.txt
    #   virtualenv
docopt==0.6.2
    # via pytest-watch
entrypoints==0.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements-dev.txt
    #   jupyter-client
exceptiongroup==1.1.0
    # via pytest
executing==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements-dev.txt
    #   stack-data
fastjsonschema==2.16.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements-dev.txt
    #   nbformat
filelock==3.9.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements-dev.txt
    #   pytest-mypy
    #   tox
    #   virtualenv
fqdn==1.5.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements-dev.txt
    #   jsonschema
idna==3.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements-dev.txt
    #   anyio
    #   jsonschema
importlib-metadata==6.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements-dev.txt
    #   nbconvert
iniconfig==2.0.0
    # via pytest
ipykernel==6.20.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements-dev.txt
    #   ipywidgets
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
ipython==8.8.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements-dev.txt
    #   black
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
ipython-genutils==0.2.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements-dev.txt
    #   ipywidgets
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
ipywidgets==7.7.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements-dev.txt
    #   rich
isoduration==20.11.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements-dev.txt
    #   jsonschema
jedi==0.18.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements-dev.txt
    #   ipython
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements-dev.txt
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
jsonpointer==2.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements-dev.txt
    #   jsonschema
jsonschema[format-nongpl]==4.17.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements-dev.txt
    #   jupyter-events
    #   nbformat
jupyter-client==7.4.9
    # via
    #   -c requirements-dev.txt
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   notebook
jupyter-core==5.1.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements-dev.txt
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
jupyter-events==0.6.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements-dev.txt
    #   jupyter-server
jupyter-server==2.1.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements-dev.txt
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook-shim
jupyter-server-terminals==0.4.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements-dev.txt
    #   jupyter-server
jupyterlab-pygments==0.2.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements-dev.txt
    #   nbconvert
jupyterlab-widgets==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements-dev.txt
    #   ipywidgets
markdown-it-py==2.1.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements-dev.txt
    #   rich
markupsafe==2.1.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements-dev.txt
    #   jinja2
    #   nbconvert
matplotlib-inline==0.1.6
    # via
    #   -c requirements-dev.txt
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements-dev.txt
    #   markdown-it-py
mistune==2.0.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements-dev.txt
    #   nbconvert
mypy==0.991
    # via pytest-mypy
mypy-extensions==0.4.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements-dev.txt
    #   black
    #   mypy
nbclassic==0.4.8
    # via
    #   -c requirements-dev.txt
    #   notebook
nbclient==0.7.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements-dev.txt
    #   nbconvert
nbconvert==7.2.8
    # via
    #   -c requirements-dev.txt
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
nbformat==5.7.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements-dev.txt
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
nest-asyncio==1.5.6
    # via
    #   -c requirements-dev.txt
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
notebook==6.5.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements-dev.txt
    #   widgetsnbextension
notebook-shim==0.2.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements-dev.txt
    #   nbclassic
packaging==23.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements-dev.txt
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbconvert
    #   pyproject-api
    #   pytest
    #   pytest-rerunfailures
    #   pytest-sugar
    #   tox
pandocfilters==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements-dev.txt
    #   nbconvert
parso==0.8.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements-dev.txt
    #   jedi
pathspec==0.10.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements-dev.txt
    #   black
pexpect==4.8.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements-dev.txt
    #   ipython
pickleshare==0.7.5
    # via
    #   -c requirements-dev.txt
    #   ipython
platformdirs==2.6.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements-dev.txt
    #   black
    #   jupyter-core
    #   tox
    #   virtualenv
pluggy==1.0.0
    # via
    #   pytest
    #   tox
pprintpp==0.4.0
    # via pytest-clarity
prometheus-client==0.15.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements-dev.txt
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
prompt-toolkit==3.0.36
    # via
    #   -c requirements-dev.txt
    #   ipython
psutil==5.9.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements-dev.txt
    #   ipykernel
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements-dev.txt
    #   pexpect
    #   terminado
pure-eval==0.2.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements-dev.txt
    #   stack-data
pycparser==2.21
    # via
    #   -c requirements-dev.txt
    #   cffi
pygments==2.7.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements-dev.txt
    #   ipython
    #   nbconvert
    #   rich
pyproject-api==1.5.0
    # via tox
pyrsistent==0.19.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements-dev.txt
    #   jsonschema
pytest==7.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-test.in
    #   pytest-asyncio
    #   pytest-black
    #   pytest-clarity
    #   pytest-console-scripts
    #   pytest-cov
    #   pytest-dotenv
    #   pytest-env
    #   pytest-leaks
    #   pytest-mock
    #   pytest-mypy
    #   pytest-rerunfailures
    #   pytest-sugar
    #   pytest-timeout
    #   pytest-watch
pytest-asyncio==0.20.3
    # via -r requirements-test.in
pytest-black==0.3.12
    # via -r requirements-test.in
pytest-clarity==1.0.1
    # via -r requirements-test.in
pytest-console-scripts==1.3.1
    # via -r requirements-test.in
pytest-cov==4.0.0
    # via -r requirements-test.in
pytest-dotenv==0.5.2
    # via -r requirements-test.in
pytest-env==0.8.1
    # via -r requirements-test.in
pytest-leaks==0.3.1
    # via -r requirements-test.in
pytest-mock==3.10.0
    # via -r requirements-test.in
pytest-mypy==0.10.3
    # via -r requirements-test.in
pytest-rerunfailures==11.0
    # via -r requirements-test.in
pytest-sugar==0.9.6
    # via -r requirements-test.in
pytest-timeout==2.1.0
    # via -r requirements-test.in
pytest-watch==4.2.0
    # via -r requirements-test.in
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements-dev.txt
    #   arrow
    #   jupyter-client
python-dotenv==0.21.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-test.in
    #   pytest-dotenv
python-json-logger==2.0.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements-dev.txt
    #   jupyter-events
pyyaml==6.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements-dev.txt
    #   jupyter-events
pyzmq==25.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements-dev.txt
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
rfc3339-validator==0.1.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements-dev.txt
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rfc3986-validator==0.1.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements-dev.txt
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rich[jupyter]==13.2.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements-dev.txt
    #   pytest-clarity
send2trash==1.8.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements-dev.txt
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements-dev.txt
    #   asttokens
    #   bleach
    #   python-dateutil
    #   rfc3339-validator
sniffio==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements-dev.txt
    #   anyio
soupsieve==2.3.2.post1
    # via
    #   -c requirements-dev.txt
    #   beautifulsoup4
stack-data==0.6.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements-dev.txt
    #   ipython
termcolor==2.2.0
    # via pytest-sugar
terminado==0.17.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements-dev.txt
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-server-terminals
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
tinycss2==1.2.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements-dev.txt
    #   nbconvert
tokenize-rt==5.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements-dev.txt
    #   black
toml==0.10.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements-dev.txt
    #   pytest-black
tomli==2.0.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements-dev.txt
    #   black
    #   coverage
    #   mypy
    #   pyproject-api
    #   pytest
    #   tox
tornado==6.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements-dev.txt
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
    #   terminado
tox==4.3.5
    # via tox-pyenv
tox-pyenv==1.1.0
    # via -r requirements-test.in
traitlets==5.8.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements-dev.txt
    #   comm
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-core
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyter-server
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
types-mock==5.0.0.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements-dev.txt
    #   -r requirements-test.in
typing-extensions==4.4.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements-dev.txt
    #   black
    #   mypy
uri-template==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements-dev.txt
    #   jsonschema
virtualenv==20.17.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements-dev.txt
    #   tox
watchdog==2.2.1
    # via pytest-watch
wcwidth==0.2.6
    # via
    #   -c requirements-dev.txt
    #   prompt-toolkit
webcolors==1.12
    # via
    #   -c requirements-dev.txt
    #   jsonschema
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements-dev.txt
    #   bleach
    #   tinycss2
websocket-client==1.4.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements-dev.txt
    #   jupyter-server
widgetsnbextension==3.6.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements-dev.txt
    #   ipywidgets
zipp==3.11.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements-dev.txt
    #   importlib-metadata
