#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.9
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile --output-file=requirements-dev.txt requirements-dev.in
#
anyio==3.6.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   jupyter-server
appnope==0.1.3
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
argon2-cffi==21.3.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
argon2-cffi-bindings==21.2.0
    # via argon2-cffi
arrow==1.2.3
    # via isoduration
astroid==2.13.3
    # via pylint
asttokens==2.2.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   icecream
    #   stack-data
atomicwrites==1.4.1
    # via pathlib-mate
attrs==22.2.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   jsonschema
autoflake==2.0.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
autopep8==2.0.1
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
backcall==0.2.0
    # via ipython
bandit==1.7.4
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
beautifulsoup4==4.11.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   nbconvert
black[jupyter]==22.12.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
bleach==5.0.1
    # via nbconvert
blessed==1.19.1
    # via curtsies
bpython==0.24
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
certifi==2022.12.7
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   requests
cffi==1.15.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   argon2-cffi-bindings
cfgv==3.3.1
    # via pre-commit
charset-normalizer==2.1.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   requests
click==8.1.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   black
codecov==2.1.12
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
colorama==0.4.6
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   icecream
comm==0.1.2
    # via ipykernel
coverage==7.0.5
    # via codecov
curtsies==0.4.1
    # via bpython
cwcwidth==0.1.8
    # via
    #   bpython
    #   curtsies
debugpy==1.6.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   ipykernel
decorator==5.1.1
    # via ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via nbconvert
dill==0.3.6
    # via pylint
distlib==0.3.6
    # via virtualenv
docutils==0.19
    # via restructuredtext-lint
entrypoints==0.4
    # via jupyter-client
executing==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   icecream
    #   stack-data
fancycompleter==0.9.1
    # via pdbpp
fastjsonschema==2.16.2
    # via nbformat
filelock==3.9.0
    # via virtualenv
fqdn==1.5.1
    # via jsonschema
freezegun==1.2.2
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
gitdb==4.0.10
    # via gitpython
gitpython==3.1.30
    # via bandit
greenlet==2.0.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   bpython
hunter==3.5.1
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
icecream==2.1.3
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
identify==2.5.13
    # via pre-commit
idna==3.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   anyio
    #   jsonschema
    #   requests
importlib-metadata==6.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   nbconvert
invoke==2.0.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
ipykernel==6.20.2
    # via
    #   ipywidgets
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
ipython==8.8.0
    # via
    #   black
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
ipython-genutils==0.2.0
    # via
    #   ipywidgets
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
ipywidgets==7.7.2
    # via rich
isoduration==20.11.0
    # via jsonschema
isort==5.11.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   pylint
jedi==0.18.2
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   jupyter-server
    #   memray
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
jsonpointer==2.3
    # via jsonschema
jsonschema[format-nongpl]==4.17.3
    # via
    #   jupyter-events
    #   nbformat
jupyter-client==7.4.9
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   notebook
jupyter-core==5.1.3
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
jupyter-events==0.6.3
    # via jupyter-server
jupyter-server==2.1.0
    # via
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook-shim
jupyter-server-terminals==0.4.4
    # via jupyter-server
jupyterlab-pygments==0.2.2
    # via nbconvert
jupyterlab-widgets==1.1.1
    # via ipywidgets
lazy-object-proxy==1.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   astroid
libcst==0.4.9
    # via monkeytype
manhole==1.8.0
    # via hunter
markdown-it-py==2.1.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   rich
markupsafe==2.1.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   jinja2
    #   nbconvert
matplotlib-inline==0.1.6
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mccabe==0.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   pylint
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   markdown-it-py
memray==1.6.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
mistune==2.0.4
    # via nbconvert
monkeytype==22.2.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
mypy-extensions==0.4.3
    # via
    #   black
    #   monkeytype
    #   typing-inspect
nbclassic==0.4.8
    # via notebook
nbclient==0.7.2
    # via nbconvert
nbconvert==7.2.8
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
nbformat==5.7.3
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
nest-asyncio==1.5.6
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
nodeenv==1.7.0
    # via pre-commit
notebook==6.5.2
    # via widgetsnbextension
notebook-shim==0.2.2
    # via nbclassic
packaging==23.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbconvert
pandocfilters==1.5.0
    # via nbconvert
parso==0.8.3
    # via jedi
pathlib-mate==1.2.1
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
pathspec==0.10.3
    # via black
pbr==5.11.1
    # via stevedore
pdbpp==0.10.3
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
pexpect==4.8.0
    # via ipython
pickleshare==0.7.5
    # via ipython
platformdirs==2.6.2
    # via
    #   black
    #   jupyter-core
    #   pylint
    #   virtualenv
pre-commit==2.21.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
prometheus-client==0.15.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
prompt-toolkit==3.0.36
    # via ipython
psutil==5.9.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   ipykernel
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via
    #   pexpect
    #   terminado
pure-eval==0.2.2
    # via stack-data
py-spy==0.3.14
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
pycodestyle==2.10.0
    # via autopep8
pycparser==2.21
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   cffi
pyflakes==3.0.1
    # via autoflake
pygments==2.7.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   bpython
    #   icecream
    #   ipython
    #   nbconvert
    #   pdbpp
    #   rich
pylint==2.15.10
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
pyrepl==0.9.0
    # via fancycompleter
pyrsistent==0.19.3
    # via jsonschema
pysocks==1.7.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   urllib3
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   freezegun
    #   jupyter-client
python-json-logger==2.0.4
    # via jupyter-events
pyxdg==0.28
    # via bpython
pyyaml==6.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   bandit
    #   jupyter-events
    #   libcst
    #   pre-commit
pyzmq==25.0.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
requests==2.28.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   bpython
    #   codecov
restructuredtext-lint==1.4.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
rfc3339-validator==0.1.4
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rfc3986-validator==0.1.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rich[jupyter]==13.2.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   memray
send2trash==1.8.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   asttokens
    #   bleach
    #   blessed
    #   pathlib-mate
    #   python-dateutil
    #   rfc3339-validator
smmap==5.0.0
    # via gitdb
sniffio==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   anyio
soupsieve==2.3.2.post1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   beautifulsoup4
stack-data==0.6.2
    # via ipython
stevedore==4.1.1
    # via bandit
terminado==0.17.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-server-terminals
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
tinycss2==1.2.1
    # via nbconvert
tokenize-rt==5.0.0
    # via black
toml==0.10.2
    # via vulture
tomli==2.0.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   autoflake
    #   autopep8
    #   black
    #   pylint
tomlkit==0.11.6
    # via pylint
tornado==6.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
    #   terminado
traitlets==5.8.1
    # via
    #   comm
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-core
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyter-server
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
types-aiofiles==22.1.0.6
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
types-click==7.1.8
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
types-colorama==0.4.15.4
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
types-dataclasses==0.6.6
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
types-docutils==0.19.1.2
    # via types-setuptools
types-freezegun==1.1.10
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
types-mock==5.0.0.2
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
types-pytz==2022.7.1.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
types-pyyaml==6.0.12.3
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
types-requests==2.28.11.8
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
types-setuptools==65.7.0.3
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
types-six==1.16.21.4
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
types-urllib3==1.26.25.4
    # via types-requests
typing-extensions==4.4.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   astroid
    #   black
    #   libcst
    #   pylint
    #   typing-inspect
typing-inspect==0.8.0
    # via libcst
unittest2pytest==0.4
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
uri-template==1.2.0
    # via jsonschema
urllib3[socks]==1.26.14
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   requests
virtualenv==20.17.1
    # via pre-commit
vulture==2.7
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
wcwidth==0.2.6
    # via
    #   blessed
    #   prompt-toolkit
webcolors==1.12
    # via jsonschema
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   bleach
    #   tinycss2
websocket-client==1.4.2
    # via jupyter-server
widgetsnbextension==3.6.1
    # via ipywidgets
wmctrl==0.4
    # via pdbpp
wrapt==1.14.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   astroid
zipp==3.11.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   importlib-metadata

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
